SRS document for Employee Recruitment System

1. Introduction
1.1 Purpose
The purpose of this document is to specify the requirements for the development of an Employee Recruitment System. 
The application aims easy recruitment process by providing a platform for managing job postings,organization requirement,
candidate applications , and the overall recruitment procedure.

1.2 Scope
The Employee Recruitment System will be a web-based application that allows the HR department to post job vacancies(Staffing requirements)
track candidate applications. It will include features such as job posting management, 
candidate database, application tracking, intinterview scheduling, and reporting.


Function Requirements-

1. Job posting-
Organization will able to post job application for theie staff with details such as title, description, requirements, and deadline.
Organization can edit existing job postings.
Organization can remove job postings.
Job postings should be categorized by departments or job types.
Also Candidate can able to search job as per their requirement and apply the for the Job .


2. User(Candidate) database
Candidate can create user account and store the info.
All the Candidate can store their information such as Qualification ,past experience,Basic info(name,address etc.)
Candidate can edit their CV.
Candidate can remove the information.

3. Application Tracking
After applying the job candidate can able to track the application status .
Aplication status must contains the info regrading job procedure i.e.which procedure are completed and what are the next step to follow.
In application status details show
1.Application date
2.Job details
3.Review status
4.Further procedure.

4. Interview Scheduling
If candidate fulfill the te oraganization requireent ,oraganization can schedule the interview .
Application must contains all the details regrading interview process ,venue and date range. 

5 Reporting
The Application should provide pre-defined report templates.
Organization can generate reports based on selected criteria, such as date range, department, or job type.

 
 
